Today we show you how to make mousse
tuna ingredients 2 cans of tuna
shredded 10 olives juice medium
lemon a cup of mayonnaise half a cup of
double cream a tablespoon and a half
unflavored gelatin a red pepper 2
green apples one and a half cups of water
it chops the pepper and the olives
cut them into small pieces
Y
i
do not
Y
cut the apples in quarters
ah
clean them and peel them
one
stripe the apples
i
in a bowl creams the double cream
leave the cream on the side until
moment to beat
takes jello and water to a pot
heat and stir until it boils
ah
in a dish place the pepper and
olives
add apple and tuna
or not
do not
Incorporates mayonnaise , lemon juice and
mixture
i
I add the water with gelatin and stir
all right
finally add the whipped cream and
mix until unified
Y
pour the mixture in a covered mold
with film and take it to the refrigerator
three hours
and
You will see that it is a very rich and fresh dish
ideal for light meals or meals